ðŸ  my first game SNAKE - or perhaps it will be a bus collecting people(just a different idea)

The game will see the snake eating carrots.
For each item it eats, the tail will grow by 1. 
The game will increase its speed (and perhaps will add some solid lines which will be an obstacle for the snake)


HTML

Creating the boilerplate and adding two divs, after which I will create the cells in JS (like we were shown today).

I will create divs for: on/off music, 3 lives and the 4 buttons (with corresponding arrows) to which the user can enable the snake to move.

I will create a background image of a room (giving the impression of sitting in bed) which will likely be blurry






CSS

The snake will be either green or purple.
I will attempt to make it look cursive and not having to jump from one cell to another (it will only move on the axis: vertical and horizontal)

I will attempt to make it look like the user is operating a nintendo and on the screen s/he will emulating it(see snake.jpg)

I will put in the background an image of a room (to be colorful) to give the impression of being either in your room.

The buttons will be red, with some shadow. 

My very concept is to make the game smooth. Although the music will invite the reader to the 90's, I will attempt to make it modern.



JS

The snake will always have a starting position (either from a fixed place or where it died). I will write a function which will start the game once the user moved the snake.
- once the game started, the music will also play. The *audio* element will either play a retro music (much like the arcade games) or something a bit more modern.

I will write a function which will enable the user to either on/off the music.

write a function to make the snake move first

Once it moves, write a function to increase its speed by setInterval

Write a function for the snake which makes it move either in horizontal or vertical
-> related to the buttons, I will attempt a function to make a sound each time a button is clicked

When the snake will eat the carrot, I will write a function to make it dissapear and appear randomly anywhere else on the grid (Math.random)


I will write a function for when the snake hits it head on each side of the grid 
-> or when it hits itself (it may be a bit tricky)
-> another function for when the snake lost life, to end the game.

Although not known yet to me, I will try and fint out how to increase the speed of the game (I assume a function could be used)


I will write a function which everytime the snake eats a carrot, the score will be increased by one.






